The Joe Rogan experience. How'd you feel about, um,
about the Olympics banning, uh, Shakeri Richardson.
A hundred percent horseshit. First of all,
I think the Olympics are disgusting because that lady should be getting paid
millions of dollars. All of them should be getting paid millions of dollars,
all the winners of the gold medals, all those,
all those people that are generating insane amounts of wealth for the Olympics,
they should get a giant piece of that.
They're responsible for the reason why people are watching the Olympics, right?
No one is watching the Olympics because it's the Olympics.
The Washington live is because you see the best athletes on the world, right?
You see the best athletes who have gone through all these competitions and reach
this insane pinnacle of their skill development. Right?
And they're getting nothing,
they're getting zero and the whole world's watching and they're selling crazy
advertisement and that money's being generated and the networks are making it
and the IOC is making it. And all these other people are making it.
And the athletes, the whole reason people are tuning in, they get nothing.
It's insane. It's a disgusting corrupt system. Gross.
That's of course the cities that they move into, like once they gone,
they fall the apart. Oh yeah.
Yeah. Well, it's a lot of times, you know, these countries,
they build up this whole thing for the Olympics and they're incentivized and
there's a lot of money that flows into the city.
And then once they pull out of that, I mean,
the people that live in that country, like, Hey,
why didn't you spend that on infrastructure?
Why don't you spend that to fix the bridges in the streets and to, you know,
to fix these communities. But there's no money in that.
I don't give a about these dirty, but I,
I think it's infuriating that this lady who is, uh, apparently like she's a,
shoo-in for the gold medal in the a hundred meters,
she's supposed to be spectacular and they're not going to let her run that,
but they're going to let her run the relay, like.
You. Oh, they gonna let her run.
They're going to let her go. Yeah. Because if she doesn't run the relay,
America probably doesn't win. I mean, I don't know.
I don't know Jack about track and field she's kept off. What? Yeah.
What do you mean exclusion from the relay team? Yeah, I saw that last night. Oh,
this is new.
She's not on the team, but for we for weed.
It's so dumb. It's so dumb. It's so dumb. Look,
if they caught her doing steroids or EPO. Okay. I get it. Okay. But man,
there was a lot of people accusing her steroids.
There was like a lot of people accusing her of a conspiracy.
So the reason why she smoked weed was so that she could get caught for weed and
not get caught for steroids.
Like I was reading this I'm like you people can't just look at
things for what they are.
Everyone has to like look things like with this conspiracy theory lens.
Yeah. I mean, that's just, that's just idiots. Like people that,
that pedal and conspiracies and room it's like,
they it's a substitute for doing the work to become actually
intelligent. If you just say the opposite of what everyone's saying.
It is however track and field apparently has been
one of the dirtiest sports. Like they've been cheating from the jump.
Apparently like most countries cheat.
They try to figure out a way to juice their athletes up,
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.